Surprisingly, none of them is trading
for value gap, smart money concept,
order flow. Wero capital plus 45%, long
only fund doing deep fundamental
analysis focusing on large cap with
increased revenue acceleration and
margin expansion. Extremely concentrated
fund single position can reach 40 to 50%
of the capital. Second place, MEAT
opportunities fund plus 45.1% event
driven merger arbitrage fund exploits
M&A arbitrage maintaining a near zero
market exposure position size but the
probability of the completion of the
deal. Gold to up his capital plus 55.1%
long short equity fund focusing on small
and midcap companies where it is easier
spotting edges strict market neutral
framework with individual positions gap
between 10 and 15%